(The practice room of BlockBerryCreative, 3 days before the day of LOONAbirth concert)
All: Hello, we're LOOΠΔ
All: Please look after us!
(The practice room of BlockBerryCreative, 3 days before the day of LOONAbirth concert)
(It's practice room, so the girls feeling ashamed...)
(Anyway, let's start LOOΠΔ TV for the debut concert with favOriTe!)
(The members practicing really hard to show their talent to Orbit on the day of the debut concert!)
Choerry: I'm feeling nervous even though it's just a rehearsal, not a concert performance
Choerry: I can't imagine how nervous I will actually be on the concert stage~
Choerry: So... I will practice and work hard... as much as I can...
Choerry: I hope I don't make any mistakes at the concert~
Choerry: Hwaiting!